feat: Blog post about slack (#611)
tolgee/documentation: blog/2024-06-13-slack-integration.mdx

---
slug: releasing-slack-integration
title: 'Slack integration has been released!'
description: 'We are excited to announce the release of the Slack integration. This integration allows you to receive notifications about your projects directly in your Slack workspace.'
image: /img/blog/2024-06-13-slack-integration/cover-light.webp
authors: [jcizmar]
tags: [slack, i18n, integration]
---

import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<ThemedImage
  alt="Slack integration"
  sources={{
    light: useBaseUrl(
      '/img/blog/2024-06-13-slack-integration/cover-light.webp'
    ),
    dark: useBaseUrl(
      '/img/blog/2024-06-13-slack-integration/cover.webp'
    ),
  }}
/>

We are excited to announce the release of the Slack integration. This integration allows you to receive
notifications about your projects directly in your Slack workspace.

<!--truncate-->

> With Tolgee's new Slack integration, you can receive notifications of selected project events.

Reviewer: Add links to docs

You can set up notifying about the following events:
- New keys are created
- Base translation is changed
- Translations are changed

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tailored Notifications for Every Role

```

When designing the integration, we were considering all the roles contributing to a project and

> so we made it configurable to enable each role in the project team to subscribe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we made it configurable to enable each role in the project team to subscribe
```

exactly to the events that are related to their work.

- **Project managers** can subscribe to global subscription via `/tolgee subscribe <projectId>`; that way, they will
only receive a change of any key value once. For subsequent changes, the Slack integration will only update the
posted messages. If you are not interested in seeing all the language updates, you can specify which event
you would like to see, e.g., `/tolgee subscribe <projectId> --events --on new_key`

- **Translators** are usually interested in new key creations and base language updates.
`/tolgee subscribe <projectId> --events --on new_key,base_changed`

- **Proofreaders** are interested in target translation changes, e.g.,
`/tolgee subscribe <projectId> --events --on translation_changed`

## What's coming next?

> In the near future, you can expect additional events support for translation comments, batch operations, and more 🚀

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're not stopping here! Soon, you can expect additional events support for translation comments, batch operations, and more 🚀
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TL,DR - Sync Your Team with Slack
```

- The Slack integration provides notifications for project events.
- It allows configurable alerts tailored to different roles, such as project managers, translators, and proofreaders.

> - Upcoming features will include support for additional events like translation comments and batch operations. 🚀

Reviewer: Add banner at the end
